Update context-bar.md, add dynamics.md and brushes.md (#49)
aseprite/docs: context-bar.md

# Context Bar

The context bar shows specific options for the active tool. It also
changes depending on the state of the active document (e.g. when the selection is moved). You can find the context bar directly above the [sprite editor](sprite-editor.md) view:

![Context bar location](context-bar/contextbar.png)

## Pencil tool & other painting tools

This is the context bar for the Pencil tool:

![Context bar for pencil tool](context-bar/pencil.png)

> The context bars for most painting tools look similar to this, with a few options added or removed.

Reviewer: Not sure, but I think it should be:
```suggestion
The context bar for most painting tools looks similar to this, with a few options added or removed.
```
